Hi Robert,

  We finally finished the revisions on the Dodecahedral conjecture
paper. The result is attached. It was posted to the arXiv this
morning. We have a few comments which follow. The code and supporting
documents to be posted to the website are not totally finished yet,
but those will certainly be ready before the Aug. 30 deadline. We
thought you'd like to see the paper asap, even if the supporting
documents won't be in completed form for a couple of weeks.

We think that the purely mathematical content is covered well in the
present paper. Because of the page constraints, we decided to leave
out many of the technical details such as the actual inequalities that
are used to generate linear programs, as well as any description of
the computer code used to prove such inequalities. We decided to
include such details along with the complete computer source on a
publicly hosted website,

http://code.google.com/p/kepler-code/

This is an open-source project repository hosted by Google. (It is
similar to the popular Source Forge project hosting site
http://sourceforge.net/). Both Source Forge and Google offer about the
same services, which we describe below.

We feel that using such a project website is a good choice for the
Dodecahedral conjecture details and code for several reasons:

1) Availability

The pages are freely available to the public.  Any
Internet user can browse any document in the project hierarchy.

2) Price

This is a free service provided by Google

3) Repository

The Google project page contains a version-control source code
repository. This means that any time we made a change to the code
during development, the change is publicly acknowledged and recorded
in the repository records. The code as it existed at any date and time
can be recovered using simple commands of the embedded subversion
software (http://subversion.tigris.org/). The result is a complete
electronic history of the source code.

4) wiki/download area

The project page contains an area where we can put the relevant
documents regarding technical details of the proof and code. There is
also a wiki where we can link and comment on the various documents in
an organized fashion.

5) Maintenance.

As you are aware, the computer code for the proof of the Kepler
conjecture is hosted at the Annals web site. We have come to find out
that a web site maintained by the journal has failed to maintain the
code in a satisfactory way. For example, the Java code that is posted
there is no longer compatible with the latest release of Java, so that
the code no longer runs. Computer code needs to be maintained in a way
that a conventional proof does not. For that reason, the code should
be saved at a repository.

For these reasons we think that the current location of the code is a
good choice for its permanent home.

Again, thank you for your time and effort in our behalf.

Sincerely,

Tom Hales Sean McLaughlin
